Restore missing Ice Age Trail photos and captions (#19)
fmorrisey/forrestmorrisey.com: apps/site/src/content/adventures/iat-2020.md

ctaLabel: Read
gallery:
  - src: /assets/images/adventures/iat-2020/01.jpg
    alt: Sunlit forest floor along a wooded ridge on the trail
  - src: /assets/images/adventures/iat-2020/02.jpg
    alt: Packed orange Osprey backpack with a paper map laid across it
    caption: Osprey Atmos 65 - with 3 days worth of gear (30 lbs before water)
  - src: /assets/images/adventures/iat-2020/03.jpg
    alt: Camp stove, press pot and water bottle laid out on a picnic table
  - src: /assets/images/adventures/iat-2020/04.jpg
    alt: Narrow footpath cutting through tall late-summer grasses
  - src: /assets/images/adventures/iat-2020/05.jpg
    alt: Yellow wildflower blooming beside birches under a blue sky
  - src: /assets/images/adventures/iat-2020/06.jpg
    alt: Yellow-tagged trail marker post beside a shaded woodland path
    caption: Ice Age Trail's iconic yellow tagged trail markers on the trail leading to the second night's shelter.
  - src: /assets/images/adventures/iat-2020/07.jpg

>     alt: Enamel mug of coffee resting at camp among the trees

Author: **Alt text does not match the image (medium).**

`07.jpg` shows a hand holding up a black **Jetboil cook pot** with a light-coloured spoon standing in it, overlooking a wooded ravine with a fire ring visible at right. It is not an enamel mug, it is not resting on anything, and the spoon suggests a meal rather than coffee.

Scenario: a screen reader user is told about a mug sitting at camp and misses both the first-person framing (the hand holding it up over the ravine) and the fact that this is the Jetboil referenced by name in the Day 2 prose.

```suggestion
    alt: Hand holding up a Jetboil pot with a spoon in it, overlooking a wooded ravine at camp
```

  - src: /assets/images/adventures/iat-2020/08.jpg

>     alt: Trail marker post overlooking a marsh and open water

Author: **Alt text does not match the image (medium).**

`08.jpg` is a **MILE 24** trail marker post standing beside a paved two-lane highway, with mowed fields, a gravel shoulder, and mist over a distant tree line. There is no marsh and no open water anywhere in the frame.

Scenario: a screen reader user hears "trail marker post overlooking a marsh and open water" and builds a mental image of a wetland vista, when the photo is actually the trail hitting a highway — which is exactly the point the `18.jpg` caption makes about roads bisecting the trail. This is the same class of bug this PR set out to fix.

```suggestion
    alt: Mile 24 trail marker post beside a paved highway, with mist over the fields beyond
```

  - src: /assets/images/adventures/iat-2020/09.jpg
    alt: Self-portrait wearing a full pack at a bluff overlook above a river valley
  - src: /assets/images/adventures/iat-2020/10.jpg

>     alt: Rocky stretch of trail through dense green forest

Author: **Alt text misses the subject and overstates the terrain (low).**

`10.jpg` is a dim, mossy, root-crossed trail climbing away into the trees, with a single backlit **orange maple leaf** in sharp focus in the near foreground — that leaf is the compositional subject. The trail reads as moss and roots rather than rocky.

Scenario: a screen reader user gets a generic "rocky stretch of trail" and misses the only thing the photograph is actually about.

      water of life. Forming a mirror that looked back into the rest of the world,
      reflecting the shadows of whoever peers into the pool.
  - src: /assets/images/adventures/iat-2020/12.jpg
    alt: Backpack resting on the verge where the trail meets a paved country road
  - src: /assets/images/adventures/iat-2020/13.jpg
    alt: Moss-covered split tree trunk in the forest
  - src: /assets/images/adventures/iat-2020/14.jpg
    alt: Open country road running between fields toward the general store
    caption: >-
      The road leading up to the general store, to world's best homemade ice cream.
      "I hiked 13 miles for this," I told the clerk. And let me tell you, worth every lick.
  - src: /assets/images/adventures/iat-2020/15.jpg
    alt: A frog resting on a mossy log well away from open water
    caption: >-
      The highlight of the hike was crossing paths with the wildlife, a reminder that
      we are guests in their homes. Here we see a frog, quite a ways from water. But
      also spotted was various species of birds, butterflies, grasshoppers, toads,
      squirrels, chipmunks, deer, crawfish, smolts, and more.
  - src: /assets/images/adventures/iat-2020/16.jpg

>     alt: Late light filtering through the forest canopy

Author: **Alt text misses the subject (low).**

`16.jpg` is an overgrown trail corridor packed with white Queen Anne's lace and asters at golden hour, with the sky open above the gap. The wildflowers fill most of the frame; "late light filtering through the forest canopy" describes a different kind of shot (and the canopy is open here, not filtering).

Scenario: a screen reader user hears about canopy light and gets nothing about the wall of white wildflowers that dominates the image.

  - src: /assets/images/adventures/iat-2020/17.jpg

>     alt: Shaded green undergrowth carpeting the forest floor

Author: **Alt text omits the subject of the image (medium).**

`17.jpg` is a self-portrait: the photographer's **shadow** — clearly a person wearing a billed cap — cast across bright sunlit moss, with spruce boughs above. The shadow is the whole point of the shot.

Scenario: a sighted visitor sees a person's silhouette; a screen reader user hears only "shaded green undergrowth carpeting the forest floor" and gets no hint that a person is in the picture. Note also that the prose it sits near talks about shadows reaching out between the trees, so the shadow is thematically load-bearing.

```suggestion
    alt: The photographer's shadow, hat and all, cast across bright sunlit moss on the forest floor
```

  - src: /assets/images/adventures/iat-2020/18.jpg

>     alt: Country road beside open water at golden hour

Author: **Alt text does not match the image (medium).**

`18.jpg` is a country road curving through tall goldenrod and grass at golden hour, with power lines and a tree line behind it. There is no open water in the frame.

Scenario: a screen reader user hears "beside open water", which contradicts the caption immediately below it ("One of the many roads the trail bisects") and describes a scene that is not in the photo.

```suggestion
    alt: Country road curving through tall grasses and goldenrod at golden hour
```
